*: add a restriction for smooth-upgrade-tidb (#16628)
pingcap/docs: smooth-upgrade-tidb.md

### Limitations on user operations

* Before the upgrade, consider the following restrictions:

    * If there is a canceling DDL job in the cluster, that is, an ongoing DDL job is being canceled by a user, because the job in the canceling state cannot be paused, TiDB will retry canceling the job. If the retry fails, an error is reported and the upgrade is exited.

>     * If the TiDB Distributed eXecution Framework (DXF) is enabled, disable it by setting [`tidb_enable_dist_task`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_dist_task-new-in-v710) to `OFF` (its default value) and ensure that all ongoing distributed `ADD INDEX` and `IMPORT INTO` tasks are completed. Alternatively, you can cancel these tasks and wait until the upgrade is complete to restart them. Otherwise, the `ADD INDEX` operations during the upgrade might cause data index inconsistency.

Reviewer: reason: 避免 Alternatively 看起来像是前面一整句话的 另一种办法

    * Run DDL operations on system tables (`mysql.*`, `information_schema.*`, `performance_schema.*`, and `metrics_schema.*`).
    * Manually cancel DDL jobs: `ADMIN CANCEL DDL JOBS job_id [, job_id] ...;`.
    * Import data.

>     * If the TiDB Distributed eXecution Framework (DXF) is enabled before the smooth upgrade, and there are ongoing `ADD INDEX` or `IMPORT INTO` tasks during the upgrade, perform the following steps to mitigate potential issues:

Author: ```suggestion
    * Run distributed `ADD INDEX` or `IMPORT INTO` tasks. If the TiDB Distributed eXecution Framework (DXF) is enabled before the smooth upgrade, and there are ongoing `ADD INDEX` or `IMPORT INTO` tasks during the upgrade, perform the following steps to mitigate potential issues:
```

>       1. Disable the DXF by setting [`tidb_enable_dist_task`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_dist_task-span-classversion-marknew-in-v710span) to `OFF` (its default value).

Author: ```suggestion
      1. Disable the DXF by setting [`tidb_enable_dist_task`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_dist_task-new-in-v710) to `OFF` (its default value).
```
